LNbits & Zeus guide (#354)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/service-guides/lightning/index.rst

Lightning
=========

The following guide will get you up and running with a lightning node and walk you through opening your first channel.

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  lightning-first-channel

Now that you're up and running, it's time to connect an interface so that you can use your node to make and receive payments from anywhere!

If you're using **Core Lightning (CLN)** and would like a direct connection you can select one of the following options:

  .. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    connecting-cln

If you're using **LND**, you can select one of the following options:

  .. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    connecting-lnd

If you would like to connect to LND via LND Connect **(LNC)** in order to avoid using Tor, you can do so with Alby and Zeus via the Lightning Terminal service:

  .. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    connecting-lndc

If you'd like to allocate only a portion of your lightning node's liquidity to a wallet or have a wallet that can receive but not make payments, you can use **LNbits**:

>   .. note:: LNbits allows you to create a wallet that makes use of your node with only an alloted amount of sats and it works with both **Core Lightning** and **LND**

Reviewer: This note is not necessary - combine into the description above please

  lightning-first-channel

> Now that you're up and running, it's time to connect a wallets to your node so that you can operate your node and use lightning to make and receive payments from anywhere!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you're up and running, it's time to connect an interface so that you can use your node to make and receive payments from anywhere!
```

> If you're using Core Lightning (CLN), you can select one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Core Lightning (CLN), and would like a direct connection, you can select one of the following options:
```

  .. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    connecting-cln

> If you're using LND, you can select one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using LND, and would like a direct connection, you can select one of the following options:
```

  .. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    connecting-lnd

> If you would like to connect to LND via LND Connect (LNC) you can do so with Alby and Zeus via the Lightning Terminal service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to connect to LND via LND Connect (LNC) in order to avoid using Tor, you can do so with Alby and Zeus via the Lightning Terminal service:
```
